Here's our rack of lamb.
Next,
we're going to French this rack of lamb,
so to do that, I first
want to eye up where I want to cut it.
So I've got some belly piece here as well
with these ribs.
OK, now this here,
this last piece of little meat
here is the last piece of tender meat
we have on the rack.
After that, we're moving into the ribs,
which are a little bit more tough.
So I do about three fingers
from the eye of the chop here,
and then I'm going to make
my indicating line.
We're going to check
on the opposite side.
three figures from there is here.
Great.
And a double check to make sure
that those line up, that's looking good.
Got a nice line here.
So I'm going to hang this
rack over the edge of my table.
We're going to apply
a little downward pressure here.
You just watch your arm if you would Jay.
Now this is these are easy to cut through,
but a nice long stroke
is still what you want to here,
especially at the end.
And now we have our belly
and our- with our ribs,
plus our rack ready to be Frenched.